chore: splitting prebuilt UI (#621)
supertokens/docs: v2/emailpassword/pre-built-ui/setup/frontend.mdx

    });

    class SuperTokensReactComponent extends React.Component {
        override render() { 

>             if (canHandleRoute([EmailPasswordPreBuiltUI])) {

Reviewer: Please use the variable wherever possible.

<TabItem value="v5">

> Call the `getReactRouterDomRoutes` method of the recipe pre-built UI class from within any `react-router-dom` `Routes` component.

Reviewer: Fix this in other recipes/places as well.

> Call the `getSuperTokensRoutesForReactRouterDom` method of the recipe pre-built UI class from within any `react-router-dom` `Routes` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the `getSuperTokensRoutesForReactRouterDom` method from within any `react-router-dom` `Switch` component.
```

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { ThirdPartyEmailPasswordPreBuiltUI } from "supertokens-auth-react/recipe/thirdpartyemailpassword/preBuiltUI";
import SuperTokens, { SuperTokensWrapper } from "supertokens-auth-react";

class App extends React.Component {
    render() {
        // highlight-start

>         if (ThirdPartyEmailPasswordPreBuiltUI.canHandleRoute()) {

Reviewer 2: why is thirdpartyemailpassword being used in emailpassword recipe?

Reviewer: Please try and change these to use variables wherever possible

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { ThirdPartyEmailPasswordPreBuiltUI } from "supertokens-auth-react/recipe/thirdpartyemailpassword/prebuiltui";
import SuperTokens, { SuperTokensWrapper } from "supertokens-auth-react";
import { canHandleRoute, getRoutingComponent } from "supertokens-auth-react/ui";

class App extends React.Component {
    render() {
        // highlight-start

>         if (canHandleRoute([ThirdPartyEmailPasswordPreBuiltUI])) {

Reviewer: Wrong recipe
